
# Chapter 1

Episode 1 – Starting the Paid Service (1)

 



“I’m Dokja.” (Dokja= can mean only son or reader).

I usually introduced myself to people like this, then the following misunderstanding would occur.

“Oh, are you an only child?”

“I am, but that isn’t what I mean.”

“Huh? Then?”

“My name is Dokja. Kim Dokja.”

Kim Dokja (Kim Highly Respected Only Son)—my father gave me that name to be a strong man by myself. However, thanks to the name my father gave me, I turned out to be just a normal single and lonely man.

In short, it was like this. I was Kim Dokja, 28 years old, and single. My hobby was reading web novels on the subway.

“Then I’ll go on my smartphone.”

In a noisy subway, I raised my head reflexively.  A pair of curious eyes were staring straight at me. They belonged to an employee from the human resources team, Yoo Sangah.

“Ah, hello.”

“Are you going home from work?”

“Yes. What about Yoo Sangah-ssi?”

“I was lucky. The manager went on a business trip today.” Yoo Sangah sat down soon as the seat next to me became vacant. A subtle scent came from her shoulders, making me nervous.

“Do you normally take the subway?”

“That…” Yoo Sangah made a dark expression.

Come to think of it, this was the first time I’d met Yoo Sangah on a subway train.

Starting with Personnel Manager Kang to Finance Manager Han… There were rumors that Yoo Sangah had men from the company driving her home every workday.

Yet unexpected words came from Yoo Sangah’s mouth, “Someone stole my bicycle.”

Bicycle.

“You commute by bike?”

“Yes! I have a lot of overtime these days and seem to be lacking exercise. It is a bit annoying, but it is worth doing.”

“Aha, I see.”

Yoo Sangah smiled. Looking closer at her, I could understand the feelings men held toward her. However, it was none of my business.

Every person had a genre of life, and Yoo Sangah was someone who lived a genre different from myself.

After the awkward conversation, we looked at our phones. I opened up the novel app I was reading on before while Yoo Sangah… What was this?

“Por favor dinero.”

“Huh?”

“Spanish.”

“…I see. What does it mean?”

“Please give me some money,” Yoo Sangah replied proudly.

Studying on the subway while going home… She truly had a genre different from me. However, what was the use of memorizing words?

“You’re working hard.”

“By the way, what is Dokja-ssi looking at?”

“Ah, I…”

Yoo Sangah’s gaze was fixed on the LCD screen of my smartphone. “Is it a novel?”

“Yes, well… I am studying Korean.”

“Wow, I also like novels. I haven’t been able to read lately because I don’t have time…”

It was surprising. Yoo Sangah liked reading novels…?

“Murakami Haruki, Raymond Carver, Han Kang…”

I thought so.

“Dokja-ssi, what writers do you like?”

“You won’t know even if I say their names.”

“I’ve read a lot of novels. Who are the authors?”

At this time, it was really hard to say that I read web novels as a hobby. I glanced at the title of the novel in the app.

[The World after the Fall]

Author: Sing Shangshong (TL: The author uses the name of his previous novel and his author name, but with slight changes. I decided to go with the actual novel translation name)

I couldn’t say that I was reading ‘The World after the Fall by Sing Shangshong.’

“It is just a fantasy novel. That… Well, like the Lord of the Rings…”

Yoo Sangah’s eyes widened. “Aha. Lord of the Rings. I’ve seen the movie.”

“The movie is good.”

The silence continued for a moment. Yoo Sangah was looking at me like she was waiting for me to say something.

Our conversation was becoming strained. So, I decided to change the topic. “It has been a year since I joined the company. This is my last year. Time moves really fast.”

“Yes. At that time, we both knew nothing, right?”

“That’s right. It seems like just yesterday, but the contract period is already over.” I realized that I’d said something wrong when I saw Yoo Sangah’s expression.

“Ah, I…” I had forgotten.

Yoo Sangah received credit for a foreign buyer last month and was already promoted to a full-time employee.

“Ah, right. My congratulations are late. I’m sorry. Haha, I should’ve worked hard to study a foreign language.”

“Ah, no Dokja-ssi! There is still the performance review and…”

I hated to admit it, but the sight of Yoo Sangah talking was wonderful. It was like the world’s spotlight was shining down on only one person. If this world was a novel, the protagonist would be such a person.

In fact, it was the inevitable result. I hadn’t tried, but Yoo Sangah made an effort. I just read novels on the Internet, while Yoo Sangah studied hard. It was natural that Yoo Sangah would become a full-time employee, and that my contract would be terminated.

“That… Dokja-ssi.”

“Yes.”

“If you don’t mind… Would you like to know the app I use?” Yoo Sangah’s voice momentarily became distant.

It felt like the world was far away. I braced my mind and stared straight ahead.

A boy was sitting in the seat opposite me on the train. He was 10 years old or so. The boy held an insect collecting net as he sat next to his mother, laughing happily.

“…Dokja-ssi?”

What if I had a different life from now? I mean, what if my life genre was different?

“Kim Dok…”

If the genre of my life wasn’t ‘realism’ but ‘fantasy’… Could I be the protagonist? I didn’t know. It would probably be unknown forever.  However, there was one thing I knew.

“It is okay, Yoo Sangah-ssi.”

“Huh?”

“It won’t work even if you tell me the app.”

The genre of my life was obviously ‘realism.’

“Dokja has a solo life.”

“Huh? What…”

“I am just someone like that.”

In this genre, I wasn’t a protagonist but a ‘solo’ person.

“The life of a solo…” Yoo Sangah had a serious expression on her face

However, I waved my hands to show it was really okay.

I didn’t know why, but this person was really worried about me. Maybe because she was part of the personnel department… I was already aware of my performance though.

“Dokja-ssi is really good.”

“Yes?”

“Then I will live an ivory life.” (Sangah=ivory)

Yoo Sangah seemed to have decided something as she turned back to studying Spanish. I gazed at her for a while before returning to the novel.

Everything had returned to normal, but strangely, my scrolling of the novel didn’t go well. Maybe it was because I realized the weight of reality that I couldn’t scroll down.

At that time, a notification appeared at the top of my smartphone. [You have one new mail.]

It was from the author of ‘Ways of Survival.’ I opened the mail.

-Reader-nim, my novel will become paid from 7 p.m. This will be helpful. Good luck.

[1 attachment.]

The author said he would give me a gift. What was the gift?

…Like my name, I was also a reader by nature. So, I was excited to receive the mail.

Yes, it wasn’t bad living as a reader.

I checked the time. It was 6:55 p.m. I had exactly five minutes before the novel became monetized at 7 p.m.

Then I opened up my list of preferred novels in the app. Since I was the only reader, I should leave a congratulatory comment and give strength to the author.

However…

-The work doesn’t exist.

I tried typing ‘ruined’ several times in the search box, but the result was the same.

The bulletin board for ‘Ways of Survival’ had disappeared without a trace. It was strange. Had there ever been a case of a novel being deleted without notification when it was going to be monetized?

At that moment, the subway lights turned off, and the inside of the train became dark.

Kiiiiiiiik-! The subway train shook loudly and let out a metallic sound.

It caused Yoo Sangah to scream and grab my arm. Then I heard the sound of other people getting stirred up. Yoo Sangah gripped my arm so tightly that I paid more attention to the pain in my left arm than the sudden stop. It took a dozen seconds for the train to stop fully.

Then I heard confused voices coming from everywhere.

“Uh, what?”

“W-What is this?”

In the dark, one or two smartphone lights turned on.  Yoo Sangah still held my left arm tightly as she asked, “W-What is going on?”

I pretended to be unconcerned. “Don’t worry. It isn’t a big deal.”

“Is that so?”

“Yes, it is probably a disturbance from a suicide. The engineer will soon make an announcement.”

As I finished speaking, I heard the engineer’s announcement, –Telling all passengers on the train.Telling all passengers on the train.

The loud surroundings became calm.

I sighed and opened my mouth, “See, it isn’t a big deal. Now an apology will air, and the power will come back on…”

–E-Everyone run away… Run…!

‘What?’

There was a beeping sound, and the broadcast turned off. The inside of the train became a mess.

“D-Dokja-ssi? What is this…?”

A bright light flashed from the front of the subway train. There was a loud drumming sound followed by a pop.

Something was heading this way in the darkness. It was just a coincidence that I saw the clock at this moment—7:00 p.m.

Tick, it felt like the world was stopping.

Then I heard a voice:

[The free service of planetary system 8612 has been terminated.]

[The main scenario has started.]

This was the moment the genre of my life changed.

# Chapter 2

「 Dokkaebi. The first time he appeared, someone said so. 」[1]

I didn’t know why but that sentence suddenly popped up in my head. The stopped subway train, the dark room… These details gave me a sense of deja vu. The subway had stopped before, but it was rare. Even so, why? I remembered the familiar words from a novel… but it was ridiculous. Wasn’t it impossible?

At this moment, the door of car 3807 opened wide, and the electricity returned. Yoo Sangah muttered by my side, “…Dokkaebi?”

My head was ringing. I trembled uneasily as the novel I knew and the reality before me overlapped.

「With two small horns and wearing a small straw mat, the strange and fluffy creature was floating in the air. 」

「 It was too strange to call it a fairy, too evil to call it an angel, and too tranquil to call it a demon. 」

「Thus, it was called a ‘dokkkaebi. 」

And I already knew the first thing the dokkaebi would say.

「&아#@!&아#@! …」

[&아#@!&아#@!….]

Fiction and reality overlapped precisely.

“What is this?”

“Augmented reality?”

Amidst the chattering people, I was thrown into another world alone. This was unmistakably a dokkaebi—the very dokkaebi that opened the door to tragedy for thousands of lives in Ways of Survival. It was Yoo Sangah’s voice that broke me out of my thoughts. “It sounds vaguely like Spanish. Should I talk to it?”

I was a bit taken aback and asked, “…Do you know what that is? Will you ask it for money?”

“No but…”

It was at this time that I heard the correct pronunciation of Korean. [Ah. Ah. Does this sound good? Ah, I had a hard time because the Korean patch didn’t work. Everyone, can you hear my words?]

As a familiar language was being spoken, I could see people’s expressions relax. The first one to step up was a big man in a suit. “Hey, what are you doing right now?”

[…Huh?]

“Are you filming? I have to go because I have to quickly get to an audition.” He seemed to be an obscure actor since his face was unfamiliar. If I were a casting director, I would’ve picked him out for his brimming ambition. Unfortunately, the presence before him right now wasn’t a director.

[Ah, auditions. That’s right. This is also an audition. Haha, there was a shortage of data. I just entered when it was monetized at 7 p.m.]

“What? What are you talking about?”

[Now, now. All of you, relax in your seats and listen to me. From now on, I will tell you something very important!]

My chest was becoming stuffy.

“What? Quickly get off the train!”

“Somebody call the captain!”

“What are they doing without the cooperation of the citizens?”

“Mother, what is that? A cartoon?”

There was no doubt about it. This was the development I knew. I didn’t want to be mixed up in this… but there was no way. The people present wouldn’t listen to the small and cute-looking CG creature. The only thing I could do was stop Yoo Sangah who was trying to get up from her seat.

“Yoo Sangah-ssi, it is dangerous, so stay here.”

“Huh?” Yoo Sangah’s eyes widened. I spoke during a moment of bewilderment, but there was no way to explain what I understood. To be exact, I didn’t have to explain.

[Haha, you are really loud.]

There was a presence with a stronger persuasive power than anyone else right now.

[I told you to be quiet.]

I closed my eyes slowly as the dokkaebi’s eyes turned red. Something burst, and the subway became silent.

“Uh, uh. Uh…” There was a big hole in the forehead of the unknown actor who had to go to the audition. The man who had spoken several times collapsed on the spot.

[This isn’t a movie shoot.]

There was a cracking sound once again. This time, it was the person talking about the captain.

[It isn’t a dream. It isn’t a novel either.]

One, two… Blood sprayed into the air as the heads of some people started to burst. They were all the people who had protested against the dokkaebi, as well as the ones who screamed or went wild. Those who caused the slightest fuss had a hole in their heads. Suddenly, the subway became a bloodbath.

[This isn’t the ‘reality’ that you know. Do you understand? So everyone shut up and listen to me.]

More than half the people present here died. Blood and body pieces filled the subway. Now, the people didn’t scream. Like primitive apes in front of a powerful predator, everyone just watched the dokkaebi with terror. I was surprised and held tightly onto the shoulder of Yoo Sangah who was hiccuping.

This was real. The strange message which entered my ears, the dokkaebi had appeared in front of me, and the train car that had become a bloodbath…

[Everyone, your lives have been nice so far. Isn’t that right?]

In the special needs seating area, an elderly grandmother met the eyes of the dokkaebi.

[You have been living too long for free. Isn’t life too generous? You were born and paid no price for breathing, eating, pooping and breeding! Ha! You really live in a good world!]

Free? No one in the subway lived for free. The people strived to make money in order to survive, and they rode the subway on the way home from work. Yet at this moment, no one disputed the dokkaebi’s words.

[But now the good days are over. How long can you continue living for free? If you want to enjoy happiness, it is common sense to pay a price. Isn’t that right?]

The gasping people couldn’t answer. Then at that time, someone carefully raised their hand. “D-Do you want money?”

I wondered what type of person could speak in the middle of this situation, but surprisingly, I knew his face.

“Yoo Sangah-ssi. Isn’t that Department Head Han of the finance team?”

“…Right.”

There was no doubt. He was a typical parachute [2] in the company and the number one person newcomers avoided. It was Han Myungoh, department head of the finance team. Why was this man riding the subway?

“I will give you money. Take it. Please note that I am a person like this.” Department Head Han pulled out his business card as people cheered him on. It was the atmosphere of a savior fighting against terrorists. “How much do you want? A big one? Or two?”

He was offering a sum that was overly large for a department head of a subsidiary company. There was a rumor that Han Myungoh was the youngest son of the leader of the affiliate company and now I thought it might be true. I couldn’t carry that many cheques in my wallet.

[Hrmm, you are giving me money?]

“T-That’s right! The cash I have right now isn’t much but… I can give you anything if you let me out of here.”

[Money, good. A plant fibre that many humans mutually agree on.]

The department head’s expression brightened. It was an ‘Indeed, money is everything’ expression. How pitiful.

“Now, this is all I have―”

[It only applies in your time and space.]

“Huh?”

At the next moment, flames appeared in the air, and the cheques in the department head’s hands burned up. Department Head Han let out a scream.

[That paper has no value in the macrocosm world. If you do this one more time, I will blow away your head.]

“U-Uhhh…” Fear once again spread on the faces of the people present. It was easy to read what they were thinking because it was just like the novel.

「 What the hell will happen now? 」

Only I knew what was going to happen in the future.

[Phew, the debt is piling up during the time when you are noisy. Well, yes. Rather than explain it a hundred times, isn’t it quicker for you to make money yourself?]

The dokkaebi’s horns rose like they were antennas, and its body floated to the ceiling of the train.

A moment later, a message rang out.

[#BI-7623 channel is open.]

[The constellations have entered.]

A small window emerged in front of everyone’s blank eyes.

[The main scenario has arrived!]

+

[Main Scenario #1 – Proof of Value]

Category: Main

Difficulty: F

Clear Conditions: Kill one or more creatures.

Time Limit: 30 minutes

Compensation: 300 coins

Failure: Death

+

The dokkaebi smiled faintly as it became transparent and disappeared into the next space.

[Then, good luck everyone. Please show me an interesting story.]

# Chapter 3

Starting the Paid Service (3)

 



People reacted differently after the dokkaebi disappeared. Some people tried to get out of the train while others called the police.

Yoo Sangah belonged to the latter group. “Police, the police aren’t answering! What, what should I…”

“Calm down, Yoo Sangah-ssi,” I said, staring straight into Yoo Sangah’s unfocused eyes. “Yoo Sangah-ssi. Have you ever played the game that the development team made? A game where the world is destroyed and only a few people survive.”

“Huh? What are you say…”

“Think about it. We are in a game right now.”

Yoo Sangah silently licked her lips. “Game…”

“It is simple. Don’t hesitate to do as I tell you. Understood?”

“U-Understood. What should I do?”

“Stay still.”

Finally, I slowly controlled my breathing. I too needed time to properly accept all of this.

[Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World]

The descriptions that existed only in the novel were now unfolding right before my eyes.

「The dokkaebi stretched out its antenna. 」

「 The bodies scattered like trash in the carriage. 」

「 The bloodied office worker shaking. 」

「An old lady groaning in her seat. 」

I watched every scene intently. It was like Neo in the Matrix, who suspected reality. Observing, questioning, and then eventually being convinced… I had to admit it. I didn’t know the reason why, but there were no doubts about it.

‘Ways of Survival’ had become a reality.

Let me think… How should I survive in this new world?

“Come on, everybody! Everybody calm down. Start breathing calmly.” Someone stepped forward exactly five minutes after the dokkaebi disappeared.

He was a sturdy man with short cut hair, one head taller than the average height.

“Are you calm yet? Please stop your actions and pay attention to me for a moment.”

The people sobbing or making calls stopped. Once everyone’s eyes were gathered on him, the big man opened his mouth again, “As you know, in the event of a national disaster, small disturbances can cause large human casualties. That’s why I will now control the situation.”

“What, who are you?”

“A national disaster situation? What are you saying?”

Some people belatedly recovered and strongly resisted the world ‘control.’ Then the young man pulled a government official card out of his wallet. “I am currently an army lieutenant serving in the 6502 unit.”

Some people’s faces became relieved. “A soldier, he is a soldier.”

However, it was too early to be relieved.

“I just received a message from my unit.”

People gathered in front of the soldier’s smartphone. I was able to read the contents without difficulty because I was near it.

–A level 1 national disaster situation has occurred. All troops gather quickly.

I could hear gulps all around me. It was a national disaster situation. I wasn’t surprised because I had already expected this. In fact, I was surprised because of something else.

Army lieutenant Lee Hyunsung… That ‘Lee Hyunsung’ was this man.

I knew who he was. It was the first time actually seeing his face, but his name was clear in my head. He was one of the main supporting actors of Ways of Survival.

「 Steel Sword Lee Hyunsung. 」

A character from the novel had appeared. Now I really had to acknowledge the situation.

“Soldier-nim! What is happening?”

“I have been trying to contact my unit, but…”

“The Blue House! What is the Blue House doing? Please contact the president quickly!”

“I’m sorry. I am just an ordinary soldier and don’t have a hotline to the Blue House.”

“Then why are you taking control?”

“For the sake of the safety of all citizens…”

As Lee Hyunsung calmly responded to the absurd questions, I realized that the descriptions in the novel weren’t wrong.

However, did Lee Hyunsung originally appear like this? While thinking about these complicated questions, I had a strange hunch.

As the only reader of Ways of Survival, I could assure you that Lee Hyunsung’s first appearance wasn’t like this. The point at which he appeared in the novel was at the end of the first scenario.

…Then what was this situation? My mind became confused. I would know more clearly if I could read Ways of Survival once again.

“The prime minister is making a speech! It is really a level one disaster!”

Everyone turned on their smartphones at someone’s cry.  Yoo Sangah turned her screen toward me. “…Dokja-ssi, look at this.”

There was no need to enter a search term. It was because the first result for all portal sites was ‘Prime Minister’s Speech.’ Of course, I already knew the content of the video.

–To all my fellow citizens, unidentified terrorists are currently active in an unspecified number of areas, including Seoul.

The contents of the speech were simple. The current government would mobilize all means and methods to fight the terrorists, and there would never be any negotiations. Thus, everyone should confidently continue with their lives…

I hadn’t thought much of it when I read the novel, but now I was a bit shocked when hearing those words. Terrorism… Yes, that would be more comfortable.

“But where is the president? Why is the prime minister making the speech?”

“The president has already been hit.”

“What? Really?”

“I’m not sure. A Naver comment―”

“Shit, then it is fake!”

Of course, I knew it wasn’t a fake comment.

“Uwaaaaack! What?”

People dropped their phones as gunshots were heard from all over. It originated from their smartphones.

Chiiiik, there was a loud sound, and blood filled the screen. After a moment, people held their breaths as they realized what had happened.

“P-Prime Minister…”

The prime minister had died. His head had exploded in real-time. There were several more sounds like gunfire before the screen became silent. The next thing that appeared on the screen was a dokkaebi.

[Everyone, I’ve told you already. This isn’t a game like ‘terrorism.’]

People were at a loss for words as their mouths gaped open like dumb goldfish.

[Do you still not understand? This won’t do. Do you still feel like this is a game?]

It felt so ominous because his tone was so relaxed. Subconsciously, I made a fist using all my strength.

[Haha, according to the data, the people of this country are very good at games. So, why don’t I try raising the difficulty?]

Beeep. A huge timer appeared in the air. At the same time, it started decreasing rapidly.

[The remaining time has been decreased by 10 minutes.]

[There are 10 minutes remaining.]

[If the first killing doesn’t occur within the next five minutes, all lives in that carriage will be wiped out.]

“W-What is this? Is it a joke?”

“Didn’t you hear the message just now? Hey, didn’t you hear it?”

“Soldier-nim! What do we do now? Why isn’t the police coming?”

“Everyone, calm down and listen to me―”

The words of the dokkaebi caused the situation in the carriage to become so severe that Lee Hyunsung couldn’t fix it. I could feel Yoo Sangah gripping my collar tightly.

Still, I couldn’t shake off the incongruity of this situation. Lee Hyunsung, a supporting character, had already appeared. So, why hadn’t ‘he’ emerged? According to what I knew, I should’ve seen him by now.

“T-There is a murder back there!”

A scene from the 3907 train car could be seen through the aisle window. The complexion of the killer in that carriage was white.

“We have to keep them out! Don’t let anyone in!”

People held tightly to the iron door, but it wasn’t necessary. The enemy wasn’t there in the first place.

[All types of access to the carriage will be restricted until the scenario is complete.]

Along with this message, people were thrown back from the iron door like they had hit a transparent barrier.

“W-What is this?”

Once again, the voice of the dokkaebi rang out, [Haha, there are some places that are quite fun while other places haven’t started yet. Okay, this is a special service. I will show you what will happen if nothing occurs in the next five minutes.]

A giant screen appeared in the subway. The place that appeared on the screen was a classroom.Girls in their navy blue school uniform were shaking.

A boy bit his fingernails and muttered, “…Is that the school uniform of Daepong?”

Beep beep beep beep― An ominous beeping sound was heard.

Then the high school girls started to scream.

[The given time has run out.]

[Paid settlement will begin.]

Once the announcement ended, the heads of the high school girls sitting in the front row exploded.

One by one, one by one again… More and more heads exploded. The high school girls screamed and ran toward the classroom doors or windows.

“Ahh, uh, how―”

Cleaning tools broke and nails were torn out, but the doors didn’t open. No one could get out.

Peong, peeong. The heads of the high school girls continued to burst. Then a high school girl strangled her friend, who died with a groan. After a while, the only thing that remained on the screen was the last schoolgirl looking around.

[#Bay23515 channel. Daepong Girls’ High School, Year 2 Class B survivor: Lee Jihye.]

The figure of the girl on the screen disappeared. Then the dokkaebi asked, [How is it? Interesting?]

The dokkaebi spoke with a smile, but people weren’t looking at the screen anymore. The people who made eye contact were gradually moving away from each other.

“Shit! What is this?”

Even Yoo Sangah released her hold on me. However, she didn’t move away from me. Both my hands were freed, and I turned on my smartphone.

Why was ‘that guy’ still not showing up? There was a mixture of information that I knew from the novel and information that I didn’t know.

The only way to break through this situation was to read Laws of Survival again. However, where else could I find the novel? The novel wasn’t popular enough to be shared illegally… No, wait a minute.

[1 attachment.]

I was stunned for a moment as I saw the notification on my smartphone. Perhaps… No? I was confused the moment I opened the mail attachment.

The name of the attachment sent by the author was:

[Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World.TXT]

# Chapter 4

Starting the Paid Service (4)

 



Laughter emerged. I had to clear my eyes and look again to see if it was a lie. The file extension was TXT. Then this person… The gift he sent me was a copy of his novel?

[You have obtained an exclusive attribute.]

[The exclusive skill slot has been activated.]

I heard a message in my ear after running the file. It wasn’t surprising if the world had changed into ‘Ways of Survival.’ All survivors of Ways of Survival had exclusive attribute and skills.

I quietly said ‘Attribute Window’ in my mind. I needed to know the attribute that I received.

[You can’t activate the Attribute Window.]

What? I once again tried to call out ‘Attribute Window’ but the result was the same.

It was absurd. There was something like this? If I couldn’t use the Attributes Window, I couldn’t know what attributes or skills I have.

Knowing oneself and one enemy’s meant being invincible. But this was a situation where I didn’t even know myself, let alone the enemy.

After staring into space for a while, I gave up and decided to read the text that the author gave me.

[Your reading speed has increased due to the effect of the exclusive attribute.]

I didn’t know what the attribute as, but it took me less than a minute to read the first act of Ways of Survival thanks to the attribute effect.

I found it. The place where my finger stopped was the beginning of the work, where the main character was doing some ‘action’ in the train scene.

「 He saw people gathered at the back door of the 3707 carriage. The wheel of the tightly held lighter was cold.

In this life, he absolutely couldn’t make a mistake. He would use any means for his purpose.

The expression of fear on the people’s faces. He didn’t feel any guilt.

Everything was fleeting.

He looked at the people with merciless eyes. After a while, his fingertips moved and fire rose. Then it all started. 」

A chill went down my spine and I had to read the passage again and again. The reason for my discomfort was soon revealed.

“…3707.”

I reflexively checked the number of the carriage I was riding.

[3807].

The carriage I was on right now was behind the carriage that the protagonist was riding. My hands faintly shook.

…Wait a minute. How many people originally survived this carriage?

「 He looked through the blurred window at the 3807 carriage. It was already too late. It was inevitable. Anyway, only two people survived in that carriage. 」

Only two survived. It meant that everyone died except for two people. And I already knew who those two people were.

I raised my head and looked blankly at Yoo Sangah. Maybe this woman would die. Me as well.

“Dokja-ssi, shouldn’t we stop this?”

Something was starting in the place where Yoo Sangah pointed. It was groaning. A young man was crouching down in front of the elderly woman.

“Shit, I’m in a bad mood and this old lady keeps whining and groaning! Won’t you shut up?”

The young man was a male student who had been leaning against the entrance.

He was thin and had dyed white hair. His name was written on the badge attached to his uniform.

Kim Namwoon. It was a name that I knew.

「 Only Lee Hyunsung and Kim Namwoon survived in that carriage. It doesn’t matter. They are the only two I need anyway. 」

“Didn’t I tell you to shut up?”

The agitated Kim Namwoon grabbed the grandmother’s collar. The grandmother’s powerless legs staggered. Kim Namwoon’s palm moved through the air.

Slap. Slap.

In normal times, somebody would run to stop this. But now nobody was moving. It wasn’t long before the slaps changed to punches.

“S-Save me. Save me…!”

I could hear the sound of a hard fist hitting flesh. Some of the men around Kim Namwoon hesitated but none of them wanted to go forward. Surprisingly, the first person to act was Han Myungoh.

“Young me, treating an elder like this…!”

However, all he got in reply was a voice mixed with scorn.

“Mister, do you want to die?”

“…What?”

“You still don’t understand the situation?”

“What bullshit is this brat saying?”

Kim Namwoon only laughed at the cursing Han Myungoh. He pointed to the ceiling of the subway carriage with his finger.

“Can’t you see that?”

On the ceiling, a holographic screen was playing.

[S-Spare me!]

[Aaaack!]

[Die! Die!]

It wasn’t just train carriages or Daepong High School. It was a live video of people dying all over the country. Kim Namwoon continued speaking.

“You still don’t understand? The army isn’t coming to rescue us. And somebody must die.”

“W-What are you saying…?”

“We have to choose a person to die.”

Han Myungoh wasn’t able to answer. The hairs of his exposed wrist were standing up.

“Of course, I know what you are thinking. You have to kill your fellow countrymen to live. It is something only sons of bitches will do. But you know, it is a force beyond our control. Beyond our control. We will die if we don’t kill. Who will blame us? Are you going to die in the end because of your morals?”

“T-That…”

“Think carefully. The world you have known so far has just ended.”

Han Myungoh’s shoulders trembled. It wasn’t only Han Myungoh. Cracks were showing in people’s eyes. It was a scene where the vague morality was collapsing. Kim Namwoon put a wedge in that crack.

“A new world requires new laws.”

Kim Namwoon. A young man who adapted to the world of Ways of Survival the fastest.

Kim Namwoon turned around and resumed punching the grandmother. This time, nobody stopped him. Han Myungoh, the other men… Even Lee Hyunsung.

The soldier’s fists were trembling as he stared into the air with a lost expression. Maybe he had also made a decision.

“Sigh… It is hard to kill. Are you doing to just watch? Do you want to fall behind?”

People trembled at Kim Namwoon’s words. Their facial expressions were as easy to read as the sentences in a cheap novel.

「If there is no killing in five minutes, everyone in this carriage will die. 」

People’s eyes were changing.

「If the grandmother doesn’t die, we will die in five minutes… 」

The most primitive eyes that a living creature could have.

“Yes… This bastard is right. If we don’t do this, everyone will die.”

The first man rushed towards Kim Namwoon. He kicked at the old lady who had collapsed and was curled up.

“Have you forgotten? Someone must die! So we can live!”

“Ah fuck… I don’t know.”

The second and third.

The people standing aloof from the grandmother. The cowardly men who had been lingering. The university student filming this with their phone. The mother of the child and Han Myungoh.

They all lynched the grandmother, aiming for her death.

“Die! Die quickly!”

They were like guards cooperating for the death penalty. Like the guards pulling the lever at the same time so they couldn’t tell who killed the prisoner, these people passively kicked and punched the grandmother.

And I was watching all of this. I was standing by, like someone watching what happened in another world.

The grandmother whose name I didn’t know was someone who wasn’t meant to live. In the original scenario, the grandmother died. So… It wasn’t a sin to observe that death.

At that moment, Yoo Sangah got up.

“You will be killed.” I reflexively grabbed her. “I told you not to move.”

The arm I was holding was shaking. Yoo Sangah made tight fists in an attempt to hide her trembling.

“I know, I know…!”

“Yoo Sangah-ssi will die if you go now.”

Yoo Sangah’s eyes were shaking with fear. Even so…

I realized it. Despite the genre of the story changing, some people still shone brightly.

“Yoo Sangah-ssi. Sit down.”

However, the person who could change this story wasn’t Yoo Sangah. Yoo Sangah wasn’t the protagonist of this world.

“Huh? But―”

“Do as I say, just this once. I won’t interfere after that.”

After forcibly putting Yoo Sangah back in her seat, I took a deep breath and turned around. I straightened my back and shook as I breathed out. I slowly loosened my ankles and wrist.

In fact, it was a little early to come forward. This wasn’t my plan originally.

“…Dokja-ssi?”

I didn’t answer her call as I looked at the people. The people intent on assaulting the grandmother.

I wasn’t still because I was afraid or Kim Namwoon and the people, nor did I consent to their inhumanity.

I was just waiting. It was for the moment I had to move. Thus…

Kwaang!

Right now.

“Ack! What?”

An explosion filled my ears and the train shook. People cried out. Smoke rose from the front right corner of this carriage. It had started. ‘He’ had moved.

I kicked off from the ground as hard as I could with my right foot. I passed by the people screaming and sitting down towards the grandmother.

“What? Eeeeok!”

Kim Namwoon collided with me and fell to the ground with a scream. At first glance, it seemed like I was saving the grandmother, but that wasn’t what I was aiming for.

Where was it? I looked around quickly.

Somebody had fallen towards the grandmother due to the explosion. It was a kid crying in the middle of this hell. The kid who was holding the insect collecting net before.

“Excuse me a moment.”

I took the net from the child.

Once I put my hand into the net, the chitin of a grasshopper reached my fingertips. I took one out and placed it in the kid’s hands. Then I turned towards the people.

“Everybody stop. You can’t live if you kill the grandmother.”

My voice was surprisingly clear due to the temporary silence after the explosion. One by one, people started looking at me.

“Let’s say you kill the grandmother. What next?”

Their surprised faces looked good. Let me tell you a bit more.

“The grandmother’s death will be recognized for what the dokkaebi calls the ‘first murder’ and some time will be bought. Then what next?”

“Ah…”

“If what the dokkaebi says is true, you each have to kill one thing. So who will you kill after the grandmother? Will you kill the person next to you?”

The people who thought about something retreated from each other. Horror was in their eyes. In fact, everyone knew. The grandmother was just the beginning.

Kim Namwoon noticed the shaky atmosphere.

“Haha, what are you all worried about? Then kill him next! Cowards. Don’t worry about your turn in advance! The odds are equal!”

I figured that Kim Namwoon would say something like this. I cut him off with a slight wave of my hand.

“There is no need to gamble like that. There is a way for you to survive, even if you don’t become a killer.”

“What?”

“W-What is it?”

The people became greatly agitated. Kim Namwoon’s expression distorted.

“Have you forgotten? The scenario clear condition wasn’t to ‘kill a person.’”

Most people were still puzzled but a few people noticed something.

[Kill one or more living things.]

That’s right. From the beginning, the word ‘person’ was never specified in the contents of the scenario.

Kill one or more living things. In other words, any life was possible. A quick-witted person shouted at the collection net in my hand.

“Insect! Insects!”

The grasshoppers were jumping in the collection net. People’s eyes were shining. I nodded.

“That’s right, the insects.”

I put my hand into the net and took out a grasshopper. It was a chubby one that I saw earlier.

“G-Give that to me! Quickly!”

“One only! I just need one!”

I stepped back slowly as I looked at the approaching people. I was now facing the explosive madness that tried to kill the grandmother. Yet a smile emerged. Why? Even in this breathtaking tension, why was my heart beating with joy?

“Would you like it?”

I waved the net like a trainer provoking an animal. Several impatient people leapt towards me.

“Then catch them!”

I smashed the grasshopper in my hand.

[You have achieved the ‘First Kill’ achievement!]

[100 coins have been earned as additional compensation.]

At the same time, I threw the net in my other hand as hard as possible. It was towards the opposite side of the area where the grandmother and the crowd was gathered.

“This is crazy!”

The insects were released and jumped as hard as they could for freedom.

# Chapter 5

Starting the Paid Service (5)

 



People panicked as they saw the insects running around the carriage.

“H-Hey! Why would you do such a thi―”

While some people were staring blankly, the quick-witted pushed toward me.

“You son of a bitch.”

“…You better find them soon. There are only three minutes left.”

These words were a signal as people started to look everywhere among the subway seats like beasts who had lost their minds.

“I got it! Aaack!”

The joy of those fortunate enough to obtain an insect, as well as the malicious attacks on them, caused the carriage to become chaotic.

“Hey, why did you do that? Couldn’t you have just given them the insects?”

Looking back, I saw Kim Namwoon raising his body.  I responded cautiously to Kim Namwoon, who was stretching his neck, “There are 12 people remaining.”

“…Huh?”

“There were three insects left in the collecting net.”

Kim Namwoon frowned for a moment before smiling broadly. “12 to 3? Hahahahat! Yes. Not all of them can survive anyway? So you threw that thing?”

“Yes.”

“Don’t make me laugh.”

“…?”

“A person with common sense wouldn’t do such a thing for that reason.” Kim Namwoon’s smile widened. “Tell me honestly. You just wanted to see this scene, didn’t you?”

I recalled the Kim Namwoon that I knew from Ways of Survival.

At this moment, I heard a message in my ears, [Exclusive skill, ‘Character List’ is activated.]

Next, a window opened in front of my eyes. I still didn’t know exactly what my attribute was, but I looked at the window in front of me.

[Character Information]

[Name: Kim Namwoon.

Age: 19.

Constellation Support: None (Two constellations are currently showing interest in this person).

Private Attribute: Chuunibyou (General)

Exclusive Skills: Unusual Adaptability Lv. 3, Knife Fighting Lv. 1, Blackening Lv. 1

Overall Stats: Stamina Lv. 3, Strength Lv. 4, Agility Lv. 6, Magic Power Lv. 4

Overall Rating: A chuunibyou who was blackened by a special occasion. It is recommended that you don’t get involved with him.]

Most of the chuunibyou that appeared in Ways of Survival committed suicide because they couldn’t endure the nightmare that had become real. However, the chuunibyou before me, Kim Namwoon, was different.

He was the Delusion Demon, Kim Namwoon. The young man, who later became known by this nickname, wasn’t an ordinary chuuni.

This young man had been waiting for the destruction of the world for a long time and adapted to this world at an ‘unusual speed.’

“Team up with me. How about it?” That young man was now making an offer to me.

[The character ‘Kim Namwoon’ has a favorable impression of you.]

[Your understanding of the character ‘Kim Namwoon’ has increased.]

My immediate survival was guaranteed if I held hands with Kim Namwoon. If I hadn’t read Ways of Survival, my choice might’ve been a little different.

“I’m sorry but I like to be alone.”

“Really? Hmm, it is regrettable.” Kim Namwoon licked his lips lightly and stood close to me. “Then can you step aside? I have something to do with that old lady behind you.”

Hearing his words, I looked back to see that the bleeding and collapsed grandmother was barely breathing.

“What do you want?”

“Do you have to ask?”

“You aren’t catching the insects?”

“Insects? Why would I catch that?” Kim Namwoon laughed. “I already have a caught insect in front of me.”

I could feel Kim Namwoon’s murderous spirit. The character that had only existed in the novel was facing me with vivid madness. Therefore, I felt a little bit in awe.

Kim Namwoon was really the person I had imagined.

[The character ‘Kim Namwoon’ has a slight decrease in favorability.]

“What are you looking at? Aren’t you going to move aside quickly?”

“It is tough.”

“What?”

“I won’t move aside.”

“Haha, are you now going to imitate the apostle of justice? Do you have multiple personalities?”

I didn’t answer.

A dark shadow slowly crept onto Kim Namwoon’s face, and his shining eyes were becoming cold.“No, wait a minute. Did you throw the net over there to do this from the beginning? Really?”

“…”

“You want to save the grandmother? Hahaha! Amazing! Really amazing! No? Yes?”

I still didn’t answer. As I looked closely at this guy, old memories resurfaced.

“Ah, it turns out that you are the type of person I hate the most. All old bastards are the same.”

They were memories of all the times I had been frustrated by this brat during Ways of Survival.

[The character ‘Kim Namwoon’ despises you.]

“What did you say?”

I considered the timing and lowered my head, avoiding the fist that flew before the words were even over.

“Oh, not bad?”

Despite knowing it was coming, I felt a sense of heat from above my head. It wasn’t an ordinary punch.

[Blackening Lv.1]

A dark aura rose from Kim Namwoon’s whole body. This was the exclusive skill of the ‘chuunibyou’ attribute.

It was rare to release a skill before the end of the first scenario, but Kim Namwoon was already showing a skill. There was a reason why the main character had recruited him, despite his psychopath nature.

Peeok!

After he hit it, my right shoulder spasmed. There was no way to win if I kept fighting this way.

…Should I use ‘that’ now? I was calculating the time when I heard a message.

[Your understanding of the character ‘Kim Namwoon’ has increased.]

[You are close to the conditions of use for the exclusive skill ‘Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint Lv. 1.]

Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint? What was this?

[The conditions of use for the exclusive skill ‘Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint’ Lv. 1 have been reached!]

Kim Namwoon’s fist missed me and struck the ground.

“Haha, what? Haven’t I become stronger?

A faint fist mark was left on the ground. Kim Namwoon was realizing his current strength little by little.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

The fist that could break a bone with a single blow kept hitting the ground.  Kim Namwoon was frustrated and couldn’t control his temper. “Ah, why can’t I hit you?”

Of course, he couldn’t hit me. It was all thanks to my second skill.

[Exclusive skill, Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint Lv. 1 has been activated!]

As soon as this skill was activated, I was able to observe Kim Namwoon’s attack direction like I was reading his inner thoughts. For example, like this…

「 Right side. 」

I quickly moved away from the direction of the attack.

「Right eye. 」

Then I quickly bent down and avoided the flying fist.

“You really are good at not being hit!”

It was unreasonable to counterattack because I was poor at sports, but I could at least avoid most of the attacks.

「 Left thigh. 」

This was enough to endure it. The important thing was to buy time. I avoided Kim Namwoon’s first and pointed at the clock in the air. “There are two minutes left, Kid.”

The distressed Kim Namwoon alternated looking between me and the grandmother. “Dammit!”

At the moment of choice, Kim Namwoon’s gaze was fixed on the grandmother’s side.

I was forced to grab the grandmother and roll away. If the grandmother died, Kim Namwoon would clear the scenario. No matter what, I absolutely couldn’t send this guy onto the next scenario.

“Haha, I knew you would move like that.” As Kim Namwoon took something out of his bag, I had an ominous feeling.

A blade shone in the fluorescent light. It was a portable MacGyver Knife. I had forgotten. This person was a diehard military otaku.

Swiiik-

There was a link between the technical skill ‘Knife Fighting’ and the strengthening skill ‘Blackening’. The direction that the blade was pointing was obvious.

「Heart. 」

It was an attack that couldn’t be avoided even if I knew the direction. So, I made a quick judgment. If I couldn’t avoid the attack, it was better to be hit somewhere with minimal damage, if possible.

Chiiiik! The blade narrowly missed my heart and made a deep cut on my shoulder.

It hurt. It really hurt. There was a searing pain in my skin. My vision shook, and it felt like death was approaching.

“Haha, now die!”

The time remaining to the end of the scenario was 1 minute and 30 seconds. I glanced toward the grandmother. I was sorry for the grandmother, but now I really had to use ‘that.’

“Chungil High School, 2nd year, Kim Namwoon. I have one question for you.”

“…What?”

“Do you think an insect egg is a living thing?”

I took out the body of the grasshopper I had killed earlier from my pocket. The plump egg-sac was clearly abundant. There was the sound of something popping, and something fluid spilled out. The disgusting feeling spread over my hand as I heard a message.

…….

[You have killed a living thing.]

[100 coins have been earned as additional compensation.]

[You have killed a living thing.]

[100 coins have been earned as additional compensation.]

…….

Multiple messages bombarded my ears.

Kim Namwoon frowned. “Insect egg? What are you suddenly saying? Are you trying to waste time?”

“I guess so.”

“How would I know something like that? I was always sleeping in Biology class.” Kim Namwoon looked at my bloody shoulder and laughed happily. “But there is one thing I know for sure. Do you know what it is?”

“What is it?”

“You will die right now!” Kim Namwoon moved his Swiss knife before I could answer. It was an attack that was hard to avoid.

[A large number of coins has been acquired! Do you want to check the coin usage tips?]

I omitted the explanation that entered my ears. There was no need to listen when I already knew the contents.

“No, it is you who will die,” I spat out while inwardly muttering something else.

[2,700 coins have been invested into ‘stamina’.]

[Stamina Lv. 1 -> Stamina Lv. 10]

[Your stamina level has increased dramatically!]

[The durability of your body has greatly increased!]

Kim Namwoon’s knife penetrated toward my heart. To be exact, it looked like it was penetrating.

My skin was like solid rock, and the only thing that remained on it was a scratch.

Kim Namwoon’s eyes showed that he was astonished. “How?”

“I’ll tell you the correct answer to my question. The answer is: an egg is a living thing.”

“W-What?”

“And in spawning season, grasshoppers lay more than 100 eggs at a time.”

Egg, living thing, 100…

Unfortunately, the time left to understand the meaning of the information was too short for the schoolboy with a bad brain.

“What are you saying?”

“It doesn’t matter if you don’t understand. There is one minute left.”

Now fear appeared on Kim Namwoon’s face. “Aaaah! Die! Die!”

The knife moved toward my neck. I didn’t even bother defending against the attack.

Kakakang!

Was it because the area was more vulnerable than the chest? The wound was a little deeper than before, but it still didn’t hurt much.

“Kim Namwoon.”

Behind Kim Namwoon, there were people who were still crawling and looking for insects, as well as those who were willing to hurt each other for their own survival.

“You are right. I am the same type of human as you.”

Maybe I could’ve saved some of those people.

“Shit! Why won’t you die! Why won’t you just die!”

55 seconds… 50 seconds… 45 seconds…

The knife kept leaving only scratches. Blood flowed but the blade couldn’t reach under the skin. There were 30 seconds left when Kim Namwoon opened his mouth. He dropped the knife and knelt before me.

“S-Save me.”

25 seconds.

“Save me! Please! Help me!”

“Why should I?”

20 seconds.

“P-People’s lives are important! That’s obvious!”

“That is the rule of the old world. It is just as you said. A new world requires new laws.”

10 seconds.

“I don’t want to, I don’t want to! I don’t want to die! Aaaaaaack!”

5 seconds.

Kim Namwoon ran at me with a loud scream and aimed for my eye. The moment that the knife tried to dig at my retina…

[The given time has run out.]

There was a loud sound, and Kim Namwoon’s head exploded.

[Paid settlement will begin.]

Beginning with Kim Namwoon, people’s heads started exploding everywhere. One, two, three, four…

The bursting heads were like fireworks announcing a new era. I watched the scene with a bit of joy, a bit of guilt, and a mysterious feeling.

Why? Why was I so calm at the sight in front of me? It was like I was looking at a novel.

[You have killed 124 living things.]

[Kill History: One grasshopper, 123 grasshopper eggs.]

[You have killed non-resistance living things, so the number of coins you have acquired is reduced by half.]

[6,200 coins have been acquired!]

[The number of coins used for the stats level up is automatically subtracted.]

[You have a total of 3,500 coins.]

[The ‘Mass Murderer’ achievement has been gained through excessive killing.]

My face could be seen on the darkened window of the carriage.

It was a face I had never seen before, despite looking into the mirror countless times in my life. I wiped at the blood on my cheeks. The blood wasn’t erased. It turned out to be blood on the window.

Kkiiik.

There was a lurching feeling, and the train started to move again. It made the familiar train noise.

Soon, light flooded in, and darkness was lifted from the windows. We had arrived at the surface ground section of Line 3 between Apgujeong and Oksu.

Outside the window, the Han River and Seoul were revealed.

Ahh. Someone let out a moan. It was a moan which contained deep relief that they survived.

However, it didn’t take long for the meaning of that moan to change. Ah, ah…

The landscape outside the window was no longer the Seoul that they knew. Smoke and dust rose from the ruined city.

The Han River bridges had collapsed. The Han River itself was red with the bodies of soldiers, while among the fallen buildings, a monster was trampling on a K1 tank like it was a toy.

[Main Scenario #1 – Proof of Value has ended.]

[300 coins have been acquired as a basic clearance reward.]

[100 coins have been reduced for the channel usage fee.]

[Additional compensation settlement will begin.]

One world was destroyed, and a new world was born.

…And I was the only reader who knew the ending of this world.

# Chapter 6

Episode 2 – Protagonist (1)

 



The subway stopped around halfway past Dongho Bridge.

“Oh my god…”

Several survivors stood up and looked at the scene taking place outside. The ruined Seoul and collapsed buildings. Monsters reminiscent of a giant snake were eating the wreckage of a fighter jet that had crashed into the Han River.

“W-What the hell…!”

I recognized their identity at once. An ichthyosaur. A monster that was commonly called a sea serpent. It would later be classified as a Grade 7 monster in the world of Ways of Survival.

One of the ichthyosaurs looked in this direction.

“U-Uwaaah! It is coming!”

People screamed with fright. But I just looked apathetically at the approaching ichthyosaur. These guys couldn’t be a threat.

Kurururung!

The ichthyosaur circled around the bottom of Dongho Bridge and vanished into an air bubble.

In the world of Ways of Survival, ‘scenarios’ took precedence over anything else. As long as we were protected by the scenario, we wouldn’t have to deal with such monsters straight away. At least for now.

[Compensation settlement is delayed due to an unexpected scenario check. Please wait.]

The compensation settlement should’ve started right now but only an error message floated in the air.

It was probably due to me. I looked down at Kim Namwoon’s body, which only had the torso remaining.

According to the original Ways of Survival, Kim Namwoon killed most of the people in this carriage and moved onto the next scenario. But I stopped it.

If my thoughts were right, those who would be angry at Kim Namwoon’s death would appear. Here? Not here. They were in the sky above.

[Due to the death of character ‘Kim Namwoon’, two constellations show a faint hostility to you.

Constellations. They were mysterious beings in Ways of Survival. They sat watching from the distant nebulas and were the masterminds of this tragedy.

Once the constellation’s preferences sign appeared, I realized that it was now starting in earnest.

It was funny. A day ago, our positions were opposite. Now they were the ones watching me.

[A handful of constellations admire your scenario.]

[The constellations have sponsored you 500 coins.]

If there were some constellations who disliked me, there would also be some who liked me. Either way, it was an uncomfortable situation. However, I couldn’t do anything about them right now. It was my turn to be a clown.

I picked up Kim Namwoon’s Swiss knife on the ground and thought.

‘Feel free to watch. You will end up paying the admission fee with your lives.’

“…Dokja-ssi? Are you okay?”

I looked up and saw Yoo Sangah’s face. Her shoulders were sagging. Blood covered her white blouse and there was a run in her stockings. There was no more of the Yoo Sangah I knew. I held Yoo Sangah’s hand and said.

“I’m sorry. I couldn’t save the grandmother.”

I looked down at the body of the grandmother, missing its head. I didn’t know the name of the grandmother. In the future, many people would die in this manner.

Yoo Sangah looked at me with a complicated gaze.

“How is Dokja-ssi so…”

“Yes?”

“Ah, it is nothing. Rather… Thank you.”

“What do you mean?”

“That, I…”

I belatedly thought back to the previous scene. I had thrown the net in Yoo Sangah’s direction. I knew what she was thinking.

“It was just a coincidence. It won’t happen twice.”

“Ah…”

Yoo Sangah nodded silently. She didn’t know the truth but she was smart. She knew what I meant. Someone lived because of my choice and someone else died. No matter who survived, I didn’t deserve a thank you.

[Wow, amazing.]

The dokkaebi appeared in the air.

[What on earth happened here? I was just watching the other carriages…]

There was a mixture of delight and surprise on the dokkaebi’s face. Twinkling stars floated over the dokkaebi’s head.

I counted the number of stars. One, two, three… Twenty, twenty one. Twenty one in total. He would be happy.

[For 21 people to be connected to my channel… Haha, isn’t this quite good? Gosh, thank you for your sponsorship. Constellations. Haha, everyone! Did you properly show off your value?]

The number of stars meant the number of constellations connected to the channel.

21 wasn’t a lot, but it was a strange number for a beginner dokkaebi.

[The number of survivors is quite high? The fellow in the next carriage was a nutter as well… It seems that things are quite interesting today.]

The dokkaebi manipulated something in the air. A moment later, a list of survivors came up.

[Survivors from the 3434 Train to Bulgwang, Carriage 3807: Kim Dokja, Lee Hyunsung, Yoo Sangah, Han Myungoh and Lee Gilyoung. A total of five survivors.]

Five people. More people than I thought survived. I looked at the faces of the survivors one by one.

Lee Hyunsung had a good physique and excellent motor skills, so it was expected that he would survive. I even expected Yoo Sangah to a certain extent.

In addition, Lee Gilyoung. If my guess was right, ‘Lee Gilyoung’ was the name of the boy standing next to me. The fluids from the crushed grasshopper was still on the boy’s hands. It was the grasshopper I had squeezed.

The boy was looking at his mother, who lost her head. The boy’s mother had abandoned him to join in on killing the grandmother. The boy had just watched the whole thing from beginning to end.

I hesitated for a moment before touching the boy’s shoulder. It wasn’t foolish sympathy. To put it simple, this was…

That’s right. Hypocrisy.

“Kid.”

The boy slowly turned his head and in his eyes, I could see the fear of death that he encountered for the first time in his life.

Unavoidable instincts. This boy wasn’t grieving his mother’s death. He was just afraid of his own death. It was natural. He was human.

“Do you want to live?”

The boy’s eyes shook anxiously. His body trembled with a force that couldn’t be resisted. Then little by little, the boy’s head moved.

“Then let’s go together.”

Lee Gilyoung moved slowly and came close to my legs. Yoo Sangah was watching me with an impressed expression. I unintentionally caused another misunderstanding. In fact, it was meant to be seen. But the target wasn’t Yoo Sangah.

[A few constellations are impressed with your good deed.]

[The constellations have sponsored you 200 coins.]

I couldn’t help thinking that it was a low move. But I also wanted to live.

Given the upcoming major events, it was essential to draw the attention of the constellations right now.

“W-Will you release us now? Didn’t you get what you wanted?”

Han Myungoh in a torn shirt shouted from half a dozen steps away. Department Head Han Myungoh. He was a lucky human.

But I couldn’t help wondering. Why was Han Myungoh riding the subway when he had so much money? This was the man who had shown off a new S class Mercedes-Benz not long ago.

[Hrmm, released? Haven’t you seen outside? Do you really want to go out there?]

The dokkaebi chuckled.

[It is somehow admirable. In fact, I didn’t expect much from this carriage but you managed to pass the first scenario. This proves that bugs deserve to survive.]

His words made us realize our position. Maybe we were like grasshoppers in his eyes.

[Now now, shouldn’t there be a reward for overcoming the hardships? As a reward for the first scenario, you are entitled to the sponsorship of the ‘constellations.’ Waahhh! How about it? Aren’t you looking forward to it? Hmm, you are all unenthusiastic. This is really a big deal.]

The reaction was natural. I was the only one here who knew what ‘constellation’ or ‘sponsorship’ was.

The sponsorship of the constellations. The meaning was obvious. One of the key events of Ways of Survival, ‘Sponsor Selection’ was about to begin.

[Hmm, everybody has confused expressions. I can easily tell you. Right now, you are incredibly weak. If you are thrown into the scenarios that will take place, you will be killed when you meet a weak ground rat, let alone a ‘kruk.’ But kindly, there are some great people in the universe who pity you and would like to sponsor you. Do you understand what I am saying?]

Lee Hyunsung finally couldn’t stand it anymore and opened his mouth.

“What are you saying? Who is sponsoring whom…”

[Hmm, my words are just entering dirty ears. Isn’t there an old saying in South Korea? It is better to see it once than listen a hundred times. So experience it directly. Well, the less fortunate ones might not get the chance. Hahahat!]

I was tense. From now on. A good choice here would make my survival in the future easier.

“Dokja-ssi? Two strange choices suddenly appeared in front of me…”

“I don’t know even if you ask me.”

This was naturally a lie to avoid suspicions. By the way, there were two choices. Yoo Sangah was quite lucky.

“Do it comfortably. Think of it as an aptitude test.”

“Aptitude test…”

“Nobody knows what the situation is anyway. Why not do it comfortably?”

“Ah… I understand.”

Yoo Sangah closed her mouth and started staring into space. It was a profound expression, as if she had encountered something curious.

The others suddenly became silent. Everyone was reading the options in front of them. I also had my own choices to look at.

[Sponsor Selection]

-Please select your sponsor

-Your chosen sponsor will be your strong supporter.

 



There were four choices like a riddle. It meant there were four constellations that wanted to turn me into their incarnation.

Four choices wasn’t small considering that the protagonist of Ways of Survival received five options the first time.

The constellations never revealed their true name. Therefore, all contractors must infer the identity of the constellations by words such as ‘abyssal’, ‘demonic’ and ‘garden’.

Of course, this puzzle was nothing to me, the sole reader of Ways of Survival.

Let’s see.

First, the ‘Abyssal Black Flame Dragon.’

According to my memory, this constellation was a powerful entity that led the group of constellations called the Black Cloud. I forgot his real name but I remember it was a very long name.

The advantage of this constellation was that the contractor could receive a very strong attack power. In the early days when stamina and strength were in urgent need, there was no constellation as strong as the Abyssal Dark Flame Dragon.

Of course, that was limited to the beginning. As the power of this constellation was more frequently used, the mind became corrupted and the contractor would become a mad murderer.

This constellation usually sponsored the people with the ‘chuuni’ attribute… I didn’t know why the constellation picked me. I felt uncomfortable and excluded this guy.

The second one, the Demon-like Judge of Fire.

I can’t believe I was actually seeing this option. Somehow, the strong emotions I felt were enormous.

At first glance, the name was overflowing with evil. But this was actually a trap for the wicked. The ‘Demon-like’ actually meant ‘not a demon.’ Then the words ‘fire’ and ‘judge’ were added.

A being who wasn’t a demon and who made judgments through fire. Paradoxically, the master of this constellation was an angel.

If I recalled corrected, it was Archangel Uriel… In fact, I remembered this because someone in the novel picked this constellation as a sponsor.

It was a pretty decent choice. This was pending. The constellations of ‘absolute good’ imposed ridiculous constraints if you wanted to use their enormous power.

The third, Secretive Plotter. It was the first time that I, the sole reader of Ways of Survival, had seen this choice.

This name might’ve been mentioned in passing but… I didn’t know it right now. If I could read Ways of Survival more thoroughly then I might get a feel of the constellation.

But I was certain that the owner of this constellation wasn’t a very strong entity. Apart from the obvious modifier, there wasn’t one ‘proper noun.’

Secretive Plotter, it was too simple for a constellation. This one was also pending.

Finally, there was Prisoner of the Golden Headband.

My heart jumped the moment I saw the fourth option. I didn’t expect this constellation so early. I doubted my eyes several times. But it was unmistakably ‘Prisoner of the Golden Headband.’

At first glance, this name gave off a negative image due to the word ‘prisoner’. But you had to pay attention to ‘Golden Headband.’

Golden Headband. The smallest prison in the world.

It was a hint that anyone would recognize if they enjoyed reading Journey to the West as a child. There was only one prisoner who was held captive by the golden headband in the journey from east to west.

The master of the Mountain of Flowers and Fruit, who lived in suffering due to the shackle on his head. The Handsome Monkey King with the ‘golden-gaze, fiery-eyes.’

The Great Sage the Equal of Heaven, Sun Wukong.

Among the characters that appeared in the novel, there was one supported by Sun Wukong.

A wondrous power that could sweep through hundreds of incarnations and to kill thoughts with one lightning strike.

The author had described this part with a lot of energy so my memory of it was clear.

I didn’t know why such a powerful constellation was showing me interest but if I became the incarnation of the Great Sage the Equal of Heaven, I would be able to survive in this new world more easily than anyone else.

But…

I quickly looked at the door connected to the carriage in front. Beyond that door, ‘he’ was looking at the selection screen like me.

If I chose The Great Sage the Equal of Heaven… Could I win against him?

[There is one minute left to complete the Sponsor Selection.]

Time was running out. I breathed lightly and looked through my options. My worries didn’t last long.

# Chapter 7

Episode 2 – Protagonist (2)

 



[Sponsor Selection has ended.]

I took a deep breath as I watched the messages floating in the air.

[Some constellations are greatly affected by your choice.]

Yes, it was starting now.

[The constellation ‘Abyssal Black Flame Dragon’ is greatly displeased at your choice.]

[The constellations belonging to Black Cloud are shaken by the anger of the Abyssal Black Flame Dragon. You won’t be sponsored by any of the Black Cloud constellations for a while.]

I wasn’t surprised because it was an expected message.

To make every member of his group turn away because he was rejected…it seemed that this guy was Kim Namwoon’s sponsor in the original work. As expected of the incarnation of this constellation.

[The constellation ‘Demon-like Judge of Fire’ is disappointed in you.]

[She will persistently monitor your justice in the future.]

In the case of Archangel Uriel, it was just disappointment. In the first place, the constellations of absolute good would rarely hate someone unless they committed a great injustice.

[The constellation ‘Secretive Plotter’ is interested in your choice.]

[200 coins have been sponsored.]

The Secretive Plotter’s case was unexpected. Given the characteristics of the name, maybe he valued my caution.

[The constellation ‘Prisoner of the Golden Headband’ is interested in your choice.]

And the Great Sage the Equal of Heaven…

I was concerned. Did I make the right choice? I didn’t know. Maybe I had lost the tremendous opportunity right in front of me.

[You haven’t selected a sponsor.]

But choosing a certain constellation meant being limited by that possibility. The sponsor contract was never a fair deal.

I would survive. But I wouldn’t survive by being their toys. And if my expectations were right, there was a way to become strong without a constellation. Maybe it was a way to become stronger than the incarnation of the strongest sponsor.

[Haha, is this true…isn’t there one interesting choice? Well, yes. There will be another chance.]

The dokkaebi’s crescent moon eyes stayed on me for a moment.

[Now now, everyone has finished the selection. Rest here for a while. I have to go prepare the next scenario. I’ll see you in 10 minutes!]

After the Sponsor Selection finished, the dokkaebi disappeared. He told us to rest, but these 10 minutes were really crucial.

In 10 minutes, I needed to sort out this situation and prepare for the following scenarios. I tried to recall my abilities in my head.

[Character List] and [Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint].

I didn’t know the precise use yet but I had a general sense of these skills. This will work somehow.

“Let’s all gather together.”

The survivors gathered at my words. The first one to reach out a hand was Lee Hyunsung.

“Hello, I am Lee Hyunsung.”

“Kim Dokja.”

“Nice to meet you…although I don’t know if these words suit the situation. As I said earlier, I am a soldier…well, I should say that I was a soldier.”

“You can’t contact your unit?”

“…Yes.”

The grip around my hand was considerable. As expected from the tanker that appeared in the early stages of Ways of Survival.

I must take Lee Hyunsung with me. He might not look like much now but Lee Hyunsung was an increasingly important figure in the latter parts of Ways of Survival.

“Ah, Dokja-ssi.”

“Yes?”

“I wanted to thank you. If it wasn’t for Dokja-ssi, we would all be dead.”

“No, that isn’t the case.”

“Even if I had lived, I would’ve have been able to live as a person. Thank you very much. And…I am ashamed.”

Lee Hyunsung bowed deeply. My mind was a bit complicated. In fact, Lee Hyunsung would’ve survived even if I didn’t do anything.

Then somebody grabbed my shoulder.

“Haha, our contractor did one big thing. Dokja-ssi, do you know my name?”

I could tell who it was without looking back. I took the hand off my shoulder and said.

“I know, Han Myungoh-ssi.”

“Huh, Han Myungoh-ssi? Shouldn’t you call me Department Head?”

Han Myungoh was still trying to use his position in this situation. He really was the king of authoritarianism in Minosoft.

“This isn’t the company.”

“Hah, look at this. Are you planning to not go work now? Where did you learn your basic etiquette?”

Once I saw Han Myungoh’s angry face, I once again realized that the world I knew was over.

The man in front of me was a ‘predator’ of the world before the scenario began. And I was merely a prey to the predator. It was certainly like that.

“No matter how I think about it, your actions were too much. Yes? If you had the insects then you should’ve tipped me off. Why would you throw them like that?”

“…”

“Dokja-ssi, you have to be good to me. How much time do you have left on your contract?”

All of a sudden, it became ridiculous. In the world I had lived in, I was too weak.

“Han Myungoh-ssi.”

“Eh?”

“Shut up.”

“W-What?”

“You still don’t understand the situation? Weren’t you hit by that bastard earlier? Minosoft? Do you think the company still exists when the end has come?”

Han Myungoh’s face was white and stricken.

I turned my eyes towards the other people. Since I was already saying it, I should make it stick.

“Han Myungoh-ssi isn’t the only problem. Everyone, you need to wake up. As the dokkaebi said, this isn’t a joke.”

“…”

“I think you should’ve all roughly noticed the situation. Exclusive skills in the attributes window. A game-like interface. Is there anyone who still hasn’t caught onto facts?”

Indeed, no one raised their hand. South Korea was easy. Due to the high penetration rate of smartphones, there wasn’t one person who hadn’t played a RPG game.

Even if they didn’t play a game, they would’ve read a fantasy novel at least once.

Lee Hyunsung sighed.

This is like a novel I was reading while standing on duty, but I still can’t feel it. This really isn’t a dream?”

“This is reality.”

My stern answer caused Lee Hyunsung’s eyes to slightly change.

[The character ‘Lee Hyunsung’ feels a faint trust in you.

[Your understanding of the character ‘Lee Hyunsung’ has increased.]

Lee Hyunsung nodded.

“It is good that you are certain. Then what do we do now? Dokja-ssi, do you have an opinion?”

“We have to go.”

I answered without hesitation.

“G-Go? Are you insane?”

“Dokja-ssi, I don’t think…”

This time, Yoo Sangah joined it. It seemed everyone still hadn’t woken up.

“Then how long we will stay here?”

In fact, my argument didn’t make much sense. Outside was a heaven of monsters. But I knew. Right now, we have to get out of here.

“Have you thought about your parents? Do you think your parents are safe in this mess?”

“T-The line has been dead for some time. No Kakaotalk…”

Yoo Sangah cried out desperately.

Indeed, Confucianism was still strong in South Korea. Even Lee Hyunsung and Han Myungoh’s expressions darkened at the word ‘parents.’

I grasped Lee Gilyoung’s shoulder, whose head was bowed. The first person to get up was Yoo Sangah.

“Go. I will go out.”

“N-No! Didn’t you hear what that thing said? Take a break here! If we move then our heads might explode!”

“Let’s take a majority vote.”

Yoo Sangah raised her hand first, followed by me and Lee Gilyoung. But it was up to there.

“…I have to go to my base but it seems dangerous to move in this situation. There was also the warning.”

“Shit, you all go by yourselves! I’m not going! I’m not going outside!”

I didn’t care about Han Myungoh but the problem was Lee Hyunsung. I had to take Lee Hyunsung with me no matter what…

Kuuong!

The thick iron plate made a loud sound. The iron door to carriage 3707 was slightly distorted.

“W-What?”

Han Myungoh’s cry was ignored as the iron door made a deafening sound again.

Kuuong!

Someone was trying to break the door from beyond it. This was an unexpected situation so I had to think.

Was it the next scenario? No. The dokkaebi hadn’t come back yet. Then…

My brain moved quickly. Small hairs stood up and a short shiver struck my body. That guy.

“W-What? Everybody stop it!”

Han Myungoh shouted and moved towards the door. Lee Hyunsung moved towards it as well but I stopped him.

“You can’t stop it.”

“Huh?”

“We have to go.”

I looked at the iron door with heavy eyes.

“Huh? But…”

“If we don’t go now―”

The only survivor of carriage 3707. I was well aware of who was beyond the iron door.

“We will all die before the next scenario arrives.”

Yes, that guy was finally coming. The ‘real’ protagonist of this story.

# Chapter 8

Episode 2 – Protagonist (3)

 



I stared straight into Lee Hyunsung and Han Myungoh’s eyes and said.

“Do you want to die from that guy beyond the iron door or do you want to try your luck outside the train? Which one will you choose?”

“U-Uh…”

“Dokja-ssi, is there any guarantee that the person beyond the iron door is an enemy?”

The Steel Sword appeared at the crucial moment. There was a reason why Lee Hyunsung couldn’t be leader of a party.

“Since they are coming from another carriage, it is likely to be a survivor. If we meet…”

I looked at the bloody room instead of continuing. Lee Hyunsung followed my gaze and quietly spoke.

“…I was too careless. Let’s find a way out.”

“G-Go! Go quickly!”

At this moment, both people were aware. The other survivors of the carriages would’ve gone through the same thing as them. They wouldn’t have the good luck of finding ‘insects.’

“This is broken!”

“Damn, we can’t go this way!”

While listening to Lee Hyunsung and Han Myungoh’s cries, I also checked the doors. There were no more barriers so the doors could now be touched.

Apart from the doors connecting the passageways, there were a total of eight access doors on the subway. There were three exits that hadn’t been confirmed yet.

Kung!

The iron door seemed like it could barely hold on for one minute.

Despite being the main character, I didn’t think he would have such high strength in the beginning. I was honestly surprised that he could break such a thick iron door.

“Dokja-ssi! Here―”

I found a working manual switchgear.

“No!”

The opening and closing device worked smoothly but the door didn’t open at once. They door opened around one fifth before stopping like it was jammed.

“…It seems to be broken here as well.”

“How about other places?”

“This seems to be the only place where we can escape.”

It was unknown for a child. But the gap was too narrow for men and women to escape. Han Myungoh and Lee Hyunsung tried to pull the doors open but they didn’t move a bit.

[Coins Possessed: 4700 C]

One of the uses of the coins was to raise overall stats. I had already used 2,700 coins to make my stamina level 10.

This problem could be resolved if I used the remaining coins to enhance my strength. But it wasn’t wise to use the coins when the situation was unknown.

In the end, there was only one way.

“Lee Hyunsung-ssi. Use a skill.”

“Huh? “Skill…”

I quietly activated Character List.

[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.]

[Character Information]

Name: Lee Hyunsung

Age: 28 years old.

Constellation Sponsor: Master of Steel.

Private Attribute: Soldier who Turned a Blind Eye to Injustice (General)

Exclusive Skills: Bayonet Skills Lv. 2, Camouflage Lv. 2, Patience Lv. 2.

Stigma: Great Mountain Push Lv. 1

Overall Stats: Stamina Lv. 8, Strength Lv. 8, Agility Lv. 7, Magic Power Lv. 5.

Overall Evaluation: The overall stats are very good. Despite turning away from injustice, he received the choice of a constellation. This is another opportunity for him.

Lee Hyunsung’s information came to my mind without any restrictions. Fortunately, the sponsor was the same as what I read in Ways of Survival.

“You should’ve checked it when you opened the attributes window. Lee Hyunsung is a soldier so there must be a skill you can use in this situation.”

“Well…I have one but how do I use it―”

“Just think about using the skill.”

“…Will that work?”

“It will. I did it earlier.”

Lee Hyunsung didn’t say anything else as he took a deep breath of determination.

“Haaap!”

Lee Hyunsung’s biceps swelled as he grabbed the door. It was the appearance of Great Mountain Push.

In fact, Great Mountain Push wasn’t a skill but a ‘stigma.’ And a stigma was a power from the constellation. I used the word ‘skill’ in order to avoid suspicions.

Dudududu.

There was a sound like a huge spring turning and the door started to move.

“What? This guy has real strength!”

“That’s it! It is really great!”

[The character ‘Lee Hyunsung’ has started to trust you.]

[Your understanding of the character ‘Lee Hyunsung’ has increased.]

Rather than doubts, my reliability had risen. Lee Hyunsung was a simpler person than I thought.

“Come on, get off!”

But I felt relieved. I handed Lee Gilyoung to Lee Hyunsung.

“Lee Hyunsung-ssi. Carry the child on your back.”

“I understand.”

Now the iron door was almost broken. But if my prediction was right, the problem right now wasn’t that iron door.

[…Ah, this is really. I knew this would happen. Didn’t I saw it earlier? I told you not to go anywhere, Damn! The scenario isn’t ready yet-]

The dokkaebi seemed to be angry as it floated over Dongho Bridge.

“Wahh! I knew this would happen! I told you not to come out!”

Han Myungoh wrapped a hand around his head, like he thought it would explode. But there was no need to worry.

[Sigh…it can’t be helped. You are really lucky humans.]

It was because the second scenario started the moment the train door was opened.

[The second scenario has arrived!]

+

[Second Scenario – Escape]

Category: Sub

Difficulty: E

Clear Conditions: Cross the broken bridge and enter Oksu Station.

Time Limit: 20 minutes.

Compensation: 200 coins.

Failure: ???

+

“Dokja-ssi, something is strange. It says the ‘broken bridge’ but the bridge is still…”

“Don’t worry and just run! Quickly!”

“U-Understood!”

In fact, Yoo Sangah was right. The bridge hadn’t been broken yet. In other words, the ‘bridge was going to be broken.’

“Dokja-ssi, come quickly!”

“I’m coming.”

It hadn’t been broken yet because we got off the train ‘too soon.’ The dokkaebi said the preparation time was 10 minutes. But we escaped three minutes earlier.

Some people might call it cowardly but this scenario couldn’t be cleared without such a shortcut. Especially if I was stuck with burdens such as Yoo Sangah and Lee Gilyoung.

“Pant, pant. Indeed, Lee Hyunsung-ssi is a soldier and has high stamina.”

“Don’t open your mouth. You will lose strength.”

Lee Hyunsung was running first with the kid. He was a natural monster who didn’t invest any coins in his stats, yet the sum of his strength, stamina and agility exceeded 23.

The next one was Han Myungoh and then Yoo Sangah with me in the rear. It would be close but I thought we could make it in time.

“Ah, what is that?”

At this time, Han Myungoh’s scream was heard. There was a huge whirlpool in the centre of Han River, letting out splashes of water.

And a giant monster was at the centre of the splashes. An ichthyosaur. The problem was that the ichthyosaur seemed to be twice the size of the one I saw through the window.

This wasn’t a sea serpent…it was a sea commander.

A general sea serpent was only a grade 7 monster. Given that a grade 9 monstrous land rate was difficult for normal humans to cope with, an average human would be torn apart by a grade 7 monster.

In other words, the guy coming now wasn’t a monster that could be caught in the early stages. Of course, there was no need to catch it. It wasn’t created to be caught.

Ku ku ku ku!

The Han River surged like there was a tsunami and the ichthyosaur moved. It was chewing on the legs of the bridge.

“The bridge is breaking!”

“Run! If we run then we can cross it!”

The remaining distance was around 200 metres. If my calculations were correct, we could cross before the bridge collapsed at our current speed.

[There is no fun if the game is too easy.]

Of course, this was a story for when there were no variables.

[The scenario difficulty has been adjusted.]

[Scenario difficulty: E -> D]

The sound of the dokkaebi’s laughter was heard.

[Is there any fun if you just run away? Let’s create a bit of atmosphere!]

[The evil thoughts of the dead have returned.]

[The surrounding earth is filled with black ether.]

[The demonic people have woken up!]

There was the sound of something chasing us from behind. Yoo Sangah muttered to herself.

“Z-Zombies?”

Zombie-like bodies were coming in huge waves. Some of them were people from the same carriage as us.

“We just need to go a little further! Quickly!”

The distance to the ichthyosaur was now less than a hundred metres. Fortunately, Lee Hyunsung carried Lee Gilyoung and had crossed the safety line. The problem was the rest of us, including me. Han Myungoh shrieked.

“Y-You bastards!”

There were too many demonic people. If there were only corpses from the subway, we might’ve gotten away. The problem was…

“Kuweeeoooh!”

The drivers who died on the bridge became demonic people. The path that Lee Hyunsung broke through was covered with demonic people. I looked between the demonic people on the road and the approaching ichthyosaur.

“…Everybody get down.”

It was too late.

Kwaaaaang!

The legs of the bridge shook tremendously as the ichthyosaur’s huge mouth bit it.

The scales of the ichthyosaur shone through the dust that poured down onto Han River like rain. A fishy smell of blood and water filled the area.

I staggered and raised my body.

Once the dust went away, the scenery around me was clear. Piles of shattered concrete and cut steel. The carcasses of the demonic people which the ichthyosaur had cleanly bitten through.

The broken leg of the bridge.

“…Dok…sii…kay?”

Yoo Sangah and Han Myungoh raised their bodies from a little further away.

One of Han Myungoh’s legs seemed injured and uncomfortable from the previous quake.

Lee Hyunsung and Lee Gilyoung cried out from across the bridge but their voices seemed blocked by the safety zone.

What should I do? I made plans on the basis of the bridge breaking. But I hadn’t expected Han Myungoh and Yoo Sangah to be with me.

At that moment, a voice was heard in the air.

[Someone has received the favour of a constellation.]

[The constellation’s scenario ‘Deus Ex Machina’ has been activated.]

Along with the voice, a brilliant bridge made of light was created among the remnants of the broken Dongho Bridge. Then a message floated in front of me.

+

[Deus Ex Machina – Even Bridge]

Description: A bridge of light made by a constellation. Only an ‘even’ number of people can cross the bridge. The bridge will disappear as soon as an ‘odd’ number of people tries to cross it.

+

“Dokja-ssi. This, in my head, suddenly―”

I met the eyes of Yoo Sangah, who was talking nonsense. I could roughly guess the situation.

Deus Ex Machina. Constellations risked a huge loss by intervening in scenarios.

“…It is Yoo Sangah-ssi’s sponsor.”

I didn’t know what constellation it was but somebody had chosen Yoo Sangah as their incarnation and wanted her to live.

Deus Ex Machine was a rare phenomenon in Ways of Survival. And Yoo Sangah was a person who should’ve already died.

I had a moment of doubt. What type of constellation was behind Yoo Sangah?

[The information of this person can’t be read in ‘Character List.’]

[This person isn’t registered in ‘Character List.’]

I was a bit surprised.

I couldn’t see her with my skill? Why? Did she have a special background? Or did she have a mental barrier? But if she had something like that from the beginning…no, wait a minute. Perhaps this was…

“Dokja-ssi, what do we do now?”

I heard Yoo Sangah’s bewildered voice. I didn’t have much time to think.

Ku ku ku ku!

The Han River was swirling. The ichthyosaur had eaten one bridge leg and was turning its huge body around on the other side of Han River. I bit my lips and once again read the explanation of the bridge.

Only an ‘even’ number of people could cross the bridge.

In the end, ‘Deus Ex Machina’ was a toy made by the damn constellations who loved tragedies.

There was no way for everyone to survive.

Han Myungoh’s body was shaking as his eyes met mine.

In the end, somebody must die.

# Chapter 9

Episode 2 – Protagonist (4)

 



At this moment, Yoo Sangah shouted.

“Dokja-ssi! Behind you!”

I reflexively leaned forward as a bloody fist came flying through the air. It was a familiar fist covered with energy.

I felt something falling towards me and instinctively kicked out. I didn’t need to look back to know what was behind me.

A grade 9 human type, demonic person. Human mutants infected with black ether.

That’s why demonic people were classified as a high-risk species, despite being grade 9. Demonic people made from a normal human base were no different from zombies, but it was particularly dangerous if their hosts were different.

I saw the badge of the school student with a damaged head.

“…Kim Namwoon.”

The guy whose head burst a few minutes ago was now aiming for me as a demonic person.

Kim Namwoon’s vocal cords that burst out were in a bizarre shape.

“Kuweeeoooh.”

[Exclusive skill, Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint Lv. 1 has been activated!]

[This person doesn’t have any consciousness. The skill Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint will be cancelled.]

Damn, it was as expected.

Chwaack!

My thigh was scratched by Kim Namwoon’s overgrown black fingernails.

A pain that felt like a burn spread through my leg. The skin which hadn’t been cut by a knife was now torn by fingernails.

This was the main reason why demonic people were dangerous. The demonic people became several times stronger than when they were human.

“Yoo Sangah-ssi, immediately―”

I felt something as I spoke. Without looking back, I could see what was going on.

“Let me go! Let go! Dokja-ssi! Dokja-ssi!”

Han Myungoh, who had just been limping, was carrying Yoo Sangah over one shoulder and moving across the bridge at an astonishing rate.

[The constellation ‘Secretive Plotter’ admires how easy you are to fool.]

[The constellation ‘Demon-like Judge of Fire’ is impressed with your sacrifice.]

[100 coins have been sponsored.]

…Indeed. Planning to leave me?

By the way, the way he was running was a little strange. Despite being on one leg, he was running as fast as an Olympic athlete.

This couldn’t be the exclusive skill of Han Myungoh, who had a big belly. Therefore, it must be the stigma of his sponsor.

[The One-legged Swift Horse]

And I already knew the constellation who provided that stigma. I used Character List on the distant Han Myungoh.

[The information of this person can’t be read in ‘Character List.’]

Once again, Character List didn’t work properly.

If I remembered correctly, the stigma of ‘One-legged Swift Horse’ came from the constellation Lame Trickster.

Lame Trickster didn’t give any stigmas in the mental barrier system. In addition, Han Myungoh couldn’t possess such a skill from the beginning. In other words, my skill failed not because of Han Myungoh’s ability.

…I was stupid.

I looked at the message window floating in front of me and laughed.

[This person isn’t registered in ‘Character List.’]

I was thinking too hard when it meant literally that. Character List literally read the information of characters.

Yoo Sangah and Han Myungoh were characters who didn’t originally appear in Ways of Destruction. They were people who would’ve died if I hadn’t saved them. It was natural that I couldn’t confirm their information with Character List.

“Gruk! Gruk! Gruk!”

On one side, the incoming Kim Namwoon and demonic people were jabbering nonsense at me. On the other side, Han Myungoh had already halfway crossed the bridge. Lee Hyunsung and Lee Gilyoung had already entered the safety zone across the bridge so I couldn’t ask for help from them.

This was truly a predicament. I couldn’t cross the bridge alone.

My brain moved quickly.

Should I capture one of the demonic people and cross the bridge? It was worth trying, but the success rate was too low. Unlike the name, the demonic people were categorized as non-human, meaning they didn’t count as a person.

“Kuaaaack!”

Several demonic people lost their balance and fell down the bridge.

Kwajijijik!

The fallen demonic people became the food of the ichthyosaurs. Like piranhas, the ichthyosaurs broke the demonic people into dozens of pieces in an instant.

Distant fear came flooding back in. If the number of people on the bridge became ‘odd’ for even a moment, I would be like them. It was impossible to cross alone.

Then?

“…Let’s take it slow.”

I muttered as I attempted to control myself. Right now, I needed to remain calm. There were still a few usable methods, but the important thing was to handle matters in front of me. I controlled my breathing and walked to the demonic people.

“Kuweeok?”

Fortunately, it wasn’t difficult to make the fall down the bridge using inertia.

Kyaaaack – kwajijik!

I reduced the numbers by making them fall steadily. The dokkaebi’s stopwatch floating in the air was blinking.

The time remaining before the scenario ended was 15 minutes.

“Sigh…”

Nails flew from a blind spot and pierced my shoulder bone. No matter how calm my mind, no matter how much information I knew, I couldn’t help my untrained body.

“Kuwoooook!”

The wild Kim Namwoon’s attacks were becoming increasingly faster.

Left shoulder.

The right thigh.

The top of the head.

I had to break the flow. I barely avoided the flying fingernails and kicked his legs.

“Kyah?”

But this person lost all senses and wasn’t hurt at all. I stepped back, hitting a broken steel frame. I could hear the raging sound of the ichthyosaurs at the bottom of the pillars.

[A few constellations are rejoicing in your adversity.]

[The constellations have sponsored you 200 coins.]

It was a steady accumulation of coins. Now I held 5,000 coins. It was a significant number of coins for the beginning.

[Wow, you are quite good at surviving. Now now! Will any constellations help this poor friend?]

It was the dokkaebi’s merchant-like voice. I wanted to tear it apart.

[Geez, there is really nobody?]

Of course.

It would be strange for a constellation to support me after what happened during the Sponsor Selection.

[What did I say? You should’ve chosen well when you had the change. How pitiful.]

Kim Namwoon attacked me again and again, resulting in damage to my waist.

Of course, I also injured Kim Namwoon’s left side with the knife. Thanks to that, his stomach was hanging out like a skipping rope.

In order to kill a demonic person, I had to completely destroy the heart. But the skin of a demonic person was hardest near the heart. The Swiss knife wasn’t able to pierce it with sharpness alone.

Dammit, it wouldn’t be so hard if I had just one combat skill.

[The exclusive skill ‘Bookmark’ is activated.]

…Bookmark?

[‘Character Bookmarks’ is activated.]

[Available Bookmark Slots: 3]

[Bringing up the list of available bookmarks.]

[People Listed in the Bookmark Slots]

 



Bookmark. I’ve read over 3,000 chapters of Ways of Survival and I never saw this skill name before. But I intuitively knew how to use it.

“Activate bookmark number one.”

There was the feelings of pages turning in my head. It was the scenes of Kim Namwoon in Ways of Destruction.

「Hahahahat! I’m full of strength! 」

「Die! Die! Die! Die!」

「A new world requires new laws.」

Kim Namwoon’s memories crowded in and all of my muscle nerves started to tense up. The power of another person was spiking within me.

[The number one bookmark has been activated.]

[The level of the Bookmark skill is low, shortening the activation time.]

[Activation Time:  One minute.]

One minute. That was enough.

[Your understanding of the character is low, so only a part of the character’s skill is activated.]

[Blackening Lv.1 has been activated.]

Kim Namwoon was breathing roughly as he rushed towards me. His body was covered with a black energy that was threatening me.

I firmly placed strength on the heels of my feet and rushed towards Kim Namwoon. If we had the same skill, I absolutely wouldn’t lose.

At this moment, I really was Kim Namwoon. I was the crazy killer who ruled the world of ‘Ways of Survival’ with the protagonist.

In a situation where Blackening was properly played, the Delusion Demon of the battlefield couldn’t be easily beaten.

“Kyaaack!”

The Swiss knife cut through uncomfortable sensations. It tore through muscles and flesh.

From the upper left arm to the heart. There was the sound of a whole human being cut up as Kim Namwoon staggered. If he still had eyes, he would be glaring at me right now.

“Kuoh, kill. Ohhh. D.i.e”

The young man who felt pessimistic towards the world and dreamt of breaking away from it. If Ways of Survival hadn’t started, he might’ve gone to university after sitting his CSAT and enjoyed campus life.

“…Don’t, want…to…die”

I watched Kim Namwoon falling down the bridge without saying farewell. Despite him being a hated figure, I couldn’t help feeling strange emotions.

[Your understanding of the character ‘Kim Namwoon’ has increased.]

[The number one bookmark has been disabled.]

A surge of fatigue overcame me as the power went away.

It was hard. Really.

“Kuwoooook!”

There was 10 minutes remaining. There were still many demonic people moving about.

It was unreasonable to take on so many even with Lv. 10 stamina. But from the beginning, I had no intention of taking care of them alone.

It was a little late. He should appear around now.

Kwajik! Kwajijijik!

There was a crackling sound like he had been waiting. I knew it. I thought he would do reckless things in order to gain achievements and donations.

Kwajijik! Crunch.

It was obviously the sound of a person’s flesh colliding with another body, but it sounded more like a mace crushing flesh.

In fact, I had collected this much coins and thought it would be worth challenging the protagonist.

But now I realized how mistaken I was.

From the stationary train, the demonic people were thrown away in a straight line, as if a tank had rushed through. Was this really a scene caused by a ‘human’?

“Kyaack?”

The headless demonic people realized that something was strange and started turning around. However, it was too late.

Kwajijik!

The man destroyed all the demonic people threatening me and appeared in front of me. An overwhelming force without any weapons. He beat the demonic people with only two fists.

I had prepared my mind in advance but sweat still flowed down my back.

Dealing with this guy? It was absolutely impossible. I couldn’t win even if my overall stats rose by more than double what they were now.

“You, who are you?”

The man’s cool gaze turned to me. I reflexively turned on Character List in order to overcome the fear.

[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.]

[There is too much information about this person. Character List is converted to Summary List.]

[Character Summary]

Name: Yoo Jonghyuk.

Attribute: Regressor (3rd turn) (Myth), Pro Gamer (Rare)

Exclusive Skills: Sage’s Eyes Lv. 8, Hand to Hand Combat Lv. 8, Weapons Training Lv. 8, Mental Barrier Lv. 5, Crowd Control Lv. 5, Reasoning Lv. 5, Lie Detection Lv. 4…

The list of exclusive skills continued endlessly. Before I could get to the end of the list, a rugged hand appeared and grabbed my neck.

“You, how the hell are you alive?”

The ‘first way’ to survive in a ruined world. The one who proved that method was right in front of me.

Regressor Yoo Jonghyuk. The grand tragedy of this world began with this person.
